[docs] Add building iOS-like native libraries with NativeAOT (#43397)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/native-aot/libraries/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> Only "shared libraries" (also known as DLLs on Windows) are supported. Static libraries are not officially supported and may require compiling Native AOT from source. Unloading Native AOT libraries (via `dlclose` or `FreeLibrary`, for example) is not supported.

> Publishing a class library as Native AOT creates a native library that exposes methods of the class library annotated with <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.UnmanagedCallersOnlyAttribute> with a non-null `EntryPoint` field. For more information, see the [native library sample](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/main/core/nativeaot/NativeLibrary) available in the dotnet/samples repository on GitHub which demonstrates a use case on desktop platforms. On the other hand, building and consuming native libraries on iOS-like platforms is described [here](./ios-like-native-libraries-with-nativeaot.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing a class library as Native AOT creates a native library that exposes methods of the class library annotated with <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.UnmanagedCallersOnlyAttribute> with a non-null `EntryPoint` field. For more information, see the [native library sample](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/main/core/nativeaot/NativeLibrary) available in the dotnet/samples repository on GitHub. 

For specifics of building and consuming native libraries on iOS-like platforms, refer to [How to build and consume native libraries with Native AOT for iOS-like platforms](./ios-like-native-libraries-with-nativeaot.md).
```
https://github.com/dotnet/docs/pull/43399#discussion_r1837109380
